['Fast friendly loans nice people to deal with... very simple process and an offer to continue a line of credit I would recommend them for sure... not any dramas with communication',
 'Quick and easy super fast service and I am happy with the service and quick money on the account when you need it and happy to receive fast and quick service',
 'Fair bit of resending info through considering already been through this company once before rate is a lil high but to be expect overall no issues and great that u can pay back earlier then schedule',
 'When nobody gave me a chance they helped me fundo really helped me.  Easy process and quick and easy application. Applied and within an hour had an offer waiting. Really good customer service',
 'There were problems in the beginning with my application but on the fundo customer service line I was able to have the help I needed to have my loan approved. Highly recommend',
 "My customer service was excellent don't be more than helpful I am extremely satisfied with fundo can I highly recommend them to everyone that is looking for a loan easy application money in the bank the best finance I've tried by far five stars all day",
 'No unexpected cost straight forward outstanding loan company never would lend off anyone else help me in a time of need every time love the way they do their bussiness 5 out of 5 stars',
 'Quick fast and easy great customer service and quick telephone lines defiantly would use there services again jfjdjdjdjf jfjd jjdj bhdh jei J b n h h b v b b',
 'Straight up best finance group great customer service very helpful and kind can ask as many questions and get the right answer straight away no complaints from myself or other members',
 'Customer service was excellent and I did not experience any unexpected extra costs and I will recommend fundo to anyone..I was very satisfied with how quickly they approved my loan',
 'Awesome customer services, great to deal with fast and easy applications, reasonable repayments. Deffinetly recommend it to others, a great pleasure to work with. Thank you Fundo, keep it up!',
 'Great small loan company the customer service is awesome and always fast to respond. There is no hidden fees straight forward loan and true to their word. I am satisfied that I got help no matter what the amount. Great work guys keep It up I am very satisfied with you guys and I would recommend Fundo loans.',
 'Easy application processgood customer serviceno extra costsim satisfied with the loan i got will be going through them againFast approval nothing left outEasy to deal with',
 'Best service and super fast. They get the job done and very affective. They always have a reminder which is good and yeah I love this website thank you so much',
 'Been dealing with Fundo for a few years now and have always found the customer service to be the bestQuick loan service and a no hassle applicationResponds to emails efficiently'
 'Been dealing with Fundo for a few years now and have always found the customer service to be the bestQuick loan service and a no hassle applicationResponds to emails efficiently',
 "Ads says, you'll get your loan within 60 mins. Then I was told wait for 2 hrs, then 24 hrs but still haven't received it! Very disappointing.  Most of the bank transfer nowadays you received instantly . I have another loan from other lender, and I got it within 5 mins. But this fundo is full of promises that is not true. Beware !",
 'They have awesome customer service and are easy to deal with. Fast approval and no catch’s or anything left out.thanks so much for the chance to be able to get a easy small loan to help me out',
 'I was asked for a few documents(payslips and identification documents) and then I was approved quickly even with existing loans from other providers.  The good thing is that they reward your good payment history.',
 'Really helpful when I need them. Fast and lest document. Will recommend to my friends and family. I will contact them again if I need the same help like before',
 "Had no trouble at all submitting an application with Fundo and the response was pretty fast aswell, they only needed to know appropriate information and didn't want to know my whole life story",
 'Quick and easy application in real time would recommend to anyone who wants a quick and easy loan highly recommend wants you become a member and have paid off a loan the three step quick process to re apply is great',
 'Fast and efficient service. Quick and easy platform to use. Just don’t like the constant messages and emails saying pay your remaining $$$ to top up. Would recommend to anyone looking for a small cash loan',
 'Great customer service friendly helpful staffFast easy and stress freeFunds deposited same day.My go to lender every time from now onFixed rate, discount on paying out early',
 'Love using Fundo loans, especially when unexpected bills come along, great customer service, quick and easy no hassles also cheap repayments, I would definitely recommend my family and friends. Thanks fundo',
 'Very good always quick and easy very helpful and a good app and no hassles at all very efficient,  and money is deposit in my savings bank account so quickly,  was very impressed',
 'Ridiculously long and tedious processKeep receiving text stating loan has been approve but never see funds. Don’t advertise quick loan under 60 minutes if you are not quickThere are a lot more options out there',
 "It's great fast approvals When I have no money I apply this fundo loan it tells me congratulations you eligible for a loan so thank you fundo team i love it and I enjoy it",
 "I'm very happy with fundo easy to use wonderful service.  Good to see someone is looking out for the average working class ppl with no ifs or buts just straight up truth for lons",
 'Great for small term loans, nice and easy to pay back. Short in bank so transfered to fundo the next day, got a $35 fee...I thought that was a bit bad being 1 day late.'
 'Always excellent service helpful staff always willing to help even if you have any problemsFees upfrontWould recommend to anyone needing assistance so happy with every time I have needed help',
 'Prime lender great customer service and quick method flexible with payment options and great opportunity for a new start they are quick and easy to lend with no problems to',
 'I have not had any issues with Fundo, chatting to them online have been amazing pretty user friendly and they make me feel comfortable. There were not hidden cost or unexpected surcharge of any kind, I was more then satisfied with the rate I received my loan. They are great will not go anywhere else.',
 'Customer service was helpful explaining all things considered about loan. Very satisfied with loan amount and repayments. Easy to manage low repayments.interest was very reasonable. Easy to manage. Would recommend to anyone',
 'Very fast turn around on application and money was in my account within 24 hours. Would recommend to anyone looking for a fast and easy loan with out any fuss.',
 'There quick easy online  application is fast and simple earlly payouts and can reapply straight away is grwatcustomer service is great Iam very satisfied and will keep using fundo loans',
 'Very straightforward process that even your Mum can do it. All in all it Was easy to apply for, with a fast turnaround, and was quickly received. No complaints here',
 'Very satisfied. Great customer service and timely responses . Very understanding. I would recommend to anyone. I have applied for other same day Lons and very difficult and bad customer service.',
 'The process is super easy and fast. Approval time is also really quick, money in my account within minutes. Best loan option when your stuck in an emergency and need cash quickly.',
 'The whole loan process is very easy to navigate, the application was easy to complete and very affordable. Quick outcome and great communication.Thank you for your assistance  would recommend',
 "Your Customer Service is fantastic and your loan process is quick and efficient highly recommend I think I will use this company only that's how great they are thanks for all of your help",
 'Fundo have been so helpful and such fast approval and happy to be a continuous customer thumbs up fundo I’m so satisfied with the repayment rates and the timely manner to pay the payments and the discount if you pay out early is even better one happy customer',
 'Needed money fast and Fundo came to the rescue. Thanks guysWhen ever I need fast money I come straight to Fundo for a hassle free no questions asked loan. Fast service great communication.',
 'So easy To apply and super fast service, highly recommend! Funds were deposited same day and answer within 30 minutes.Very satisfied customer and with exceptional customer service. Would use again',
 'Fats approval low repayments flexible Loan options had a great experience will definitely use fundo loans again in the future whenever I need cash in a hurry very happy customer']
